add fac22-update slides (#5)
foundersandcoders-members/fac-slides: src/slides/information-evening/fac22-update.md

---
title: Information Evening
---

# <img width="651" height="284" src="https://facresources.com/assets/logos/fac_logo.png" alt="Founders and Coders">

---

<!-- {.secondary.invert} -->

## Autumn cohort 2021 
- 18:30 - Updates
- 19:00 - Q&A
- 19:30 - End

---

### We are now an apprenticeship training provider

---

> ### There has been some signifcant changes to our programme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### There have been some significant changes to our programme
```

--- 
<!-- {.primary} -->

## What's changed?

--- 

### Interviews with employers before the course begins 

- Held during the pre-apprenticeship
- For FAC22, interviews are in July/August

--- 

### Longer pre-apprenticeship programme  
- 12-weeks, part-time commitment 
- Includes employment and interview preparation
- 15+ hour commitment each week 

---

### Apprentices will be paid starting Week 1 of the programme
- FAC22 begins on September 27

---

### The full-time programme is now 12 weeks long

> - FAC22 will ends on December 17

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- FAC22 ends on December 17
```

--- 
<!-- {.primary} -->
## FAC22 application dates

---

❗️ We're postponing the application deadline by **a few days** 

--- 

- Application deadline: 23:59 on May 26
- Invitation for interview: by 18:00 on May 31 

> - Interviews: June 3,4,5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Interviews: June 3, 4, 5
```

- Outcomes: latest June 9
- Pre-apprenticeship: Week of June 14

---
<!-- {.primary} -->
## FAC22 cohort dates

--- 

- Pre-apprenticeship: June 14 to September 3
- Interview with employers: July/August
- Cohort dates: September 27 to December 17 

---

<!-- {.primary} -->

## Apprentices vs. non-apprentices 

---  

### The main difference 

> Being an apprentice entails considerably less financial risk than looking for work after completing a training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being an apprentice is less financially risky than looking for work _after_ completing training
```

---  

### The similarities 
- An employer looks for the same qualities and have broadly similar expectations of both
- Salaries after the end of the apprenticeship (typically 15 months) are likely to be similar

---  

### Income differences

- Apprentices start on £24,000, paid from start of training (September)

> - Graduate developers on average £28-35,000, but need to consider job search time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Graduate developers start on about £28-35,000, but need to consider job search time
```
